Mr. Du, please take care of yourself.
I know your consortium has money
But I'm not that kind of woman
And I'm not your personal secretary, Zhou Ziyu
Do you plan to be a migrant worker for the rest of your life?
In the last life, Zhou Ziyu left Xiuhui Entertainment
Become the richest person in Jiangshou Fishing
I can't let go of someone like that easily
Since you have a prejudice against me
Give each other some time
Long to come
This Du Chen
Not arguing with the rumored trash at all
The way I speak is so overwhelming that I can't breathe.
You are responsible for what the mean is responsible for
Don't let me down
I gave you so much power
It's not too much to kiss you, is it?
How is the company's live broadcast business?
Recently, live streaming has risen.
The company is about to sign several well-known live streaming hosts
Among them, Yoyo will and the talented and beautiful
Both live streaming hosts have the same style
The company is making a trade-off
Which one do you think is more valuable?
Of course talented and beautiful
The other party is a well-known live streaming host on the whole network.
And his price is close to the people
Every time you go LIVE, you can sell millions of orders
Good, because you mean it.
Signing Excellence Award